2.27.0 release notes (#318)
ethyca/fidesdocs: pages/releases/fides-2-X/2-27.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

# Fides 2.27.0 release notes
- 2.27.0: January 9, 2024

<Callout emoji="" type="info">The **Enterprise** tag indicates that features are only available for Enterprise customers. To review pricing and upgrade your plan, please visit [our site](https://ethyca.com/pricing) or contact us to learn more. </Callout>

### New Features & enhancements (2.27.0)
- <div class="enterprise"/> Core string now serving for US geographies #4534
- <div class="enterprise"/> Select and view for geographies in Fides #1269
- <div class="enterprise"/> It is now possible to prevent users from dismissing banner/modal (config file) #4470
- <div class="enterprise"/> Ability to add details and disabled state for existing vendors/system #4498
- <div class="enterprise"/> Story PROD-1528 Support separate banner and overlay titles and descriptions #4542

### Fixes and developer updates (2.27.0)

> - <div class="enterprise"/> Fix vendor selector in the add vendor menu from the consent management table to be consistent #4521
> - <div class="enterprise"/> Fideslang: Remove Data Qualifiers and other Deprecated Fields #1267
> - <div class="enterprise"/> Task PROD-1499 Remove PyArrow due to critical vulnerability #4486
> - <div class="enterprise"/> Disable the "out-of-band" signal on the TCF CMP API #4516
> - <div class="enterprise"/> When "prevent dismissal" option is enabled, returning users see blocking overlay #4515
> - <div class="enterprise"/> Fix single-system vendor UX: omit joint_controller_info and administrating_department fields if not specified #4525
> - <div class="enterprise"/> [Compass button] Fix various compass button states #4508
> - <div class="enterprise"/> Fix consent reporting date filters that aren't applied to output CSV when expected #1263
> - <div class="enterprise"/> Embedded page uses wrong font (Arial) for “Purposes/Features/Vendors” tabs and the “Consent / Legitimate interest” filter #1268
> - <div class="enterprise"/> [System information] Update system name input functionality #4521

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <div class="enterprise"/> Fideslang: Remove Data Qualifiers and other Deprecated Fields #1267
- <div class="enterprise"/> Security Update: Remove PyArrow due to critical vulnerability #4486
- <div class="enterprise"/> Updates to the Add Vendor menu from the consent management #4521
- <div class="enterprise"/> Disable the "out-of-band" signal on the TCF CMP API to work with Google Ads #4516
- <div class="enterprise"/> Fix various compass button states on single add vendor form #4508
- <div class="enterprise"/> Fix consent reporting date filters so they apply to CSV export #1263
- <div class="enterprise"/> Fix various compass button states on single add vendor form #4508
- <div class="enterprise"/> Update system name input functionality on single add vendor form #4521
```
